Tracey Emin | Tate Modern Skip navigation Back to menu Main menu What&#x27;s On Visit Art Discover Art Artists Artworks Stories Stories Watch, listen and read Learn Schools Tate Kids Research Activities and workshops Tate Kids Games, quizzes and films for kids Shop Become a Member View All Exhibitions And Displays On Today Events Tate Modern Tate Britain Tate St Ives Tate Liverpool Families Accessibility Schools Private tours Discover Art Artists Artworks Stories Schools Tate Kids Research Activities and workshops What are you looking for? Try searching for... A Bigger Splash James McNeill Whistler Julio Le Parc Tate Britain Commission 2026 Tate Membership DON'T MISS Exhibition Frida: The Making of an Icon Tate Modern Until 3 Jan 2027 FREE FOR MEMBERS Exhibition Hurvin Anderson Tate Britain Until 23 Aug 2026 FREE FOR MEMBERS Become a Member Now booking Tate Modern Exhibition Tracey Emin A Second Life Until 31 August 2026 Free for Members Book tickets Become a Member Tracey Emin My Bed 1998 © Tracey Emin. Photo credit: Courtesy The Saatchi Gallery, London / Photograph by Prudence Cuming Associates Ltd. Lent by The Duerckheim Collection Audio guide Exhibition with lunch or dinner Accessibility Related events Shop Step into the tender, confessional world of Tracey Emin This landmark exhibition traces 40 years of Emin’s groundbreaking practice, showcasing career-defining sensations alongside works never exhibited before. Through painting, video, textiles, neons, writing, sculpture, and installation, Emin continues to challenge boundaries, using the female body as a powerful tool to explore passion, pain, and healing. Dame Tracey Emin is one of the most important contemporary artists of her generation. She was catapulted into the public eye in the 1990s with iconic works like her Turner Prize nominated My Bed, which sparked fierce critical and public debate, challenging what art could be. Emin’s disregard for any separation of the personal and the public, along with her commitment to unapologetic self-expression, came to define a historic moment in British culture and global art history. Broadening Emin’s story, this exhibition celebrates her raw and confessional approach as she poses profound questions on love, trauma, and autobiography. It also demonstrates her lifelong commitment to painting, showing her recent work as the culmination of the ways she has channelled her life into her art. Tracey Emin is presented in the Eyal Ofer Galleries. In partnership with Gucci. With additional support from the Tracey Emin Exhibition Supporters Circle, Tate International Council, Tate Members and Tate Americas Foundation. Also supported by Farrow & Ball for the supply of paint. Left Right Tracey Emin I never Asked to Fall in Love - You made me Feel like This 2018 Private Collection c/o Xavier Hufkens Gallery © Tracey Emin Tracey Emin The Last of the Gold 2002 The Levett Collection / FAMM (Female Artists of the Mougins Museum), France © Tracey Emin Tracey Emin I whisper to My Past Do I have Another Choice 2010 © Tracey Emin Tracey Emin The End of Love 2024 Tate Purchased with funds provided by A4 Arts Foundation 2025 © Tracey Emin Tracey Emin Why I Never Became a Dancer 1995 Tate Presented anonymously 1997 © Tracey Emin Audio guide Enhance your exhibition visit with audio Hear insights from the artist herself and stories from insiders on this free, self-guided audio guide on your smartphone. We recommend bringing headphones with you to the exhibition. No headphones or physical audio devices are provided at the gallery. Listen to the audio guide Exhibition with lunch or dinner Exhibition and lunch Make a day of it. See the exhibition, then have lunch in our Level 6 Restaurant afterwards. One of the best views in London, a modern British menu – an easy way to plan ahead and get more from your visit. £61* for the exhibition and two courses from our à la carte menu Available daily with 12.00, 12.30, 13.00 and 13.30 exhibition entry slots, followed by lunch Tate Members don't need to book the exhibition – just make a restaurant reservation here Served 12.00-15.00 To Start Dorset crab and chalk stream trout rillette, crème fraîche, dill, pickled cucumber Chicken liver parfait, currants, hazelnuts, lambs’ lettuce, brioche Cashew hummus, broad beans, seeded crackers, grilled spring onions (vg) Mains Roasted pollack, crushed purple potatoes, seaweed butter sauce, leeks Potato gnocchi, courgette, wild garlic pesto, pine nuts, Grana Padano (v) Grilled bavette steak, watercress and shallot salad, Béarnaise sauce Desserts Crème caramel, golden raisins Tiramisu Vanilla rice pudding, rhubarb (vg) You can also book separately via our Restaurant page . *A discretionary 12.5% service charge will be added to your bill Accessibility Large print guide Need a bigger font size? Download the exhibition's large print guide . Accessibility at Tate Modern All Tate Modern entrances are step-free. You can enter via the Turbine Hall and into the Natalie Bell Building on Holland Street, or into the Blavatnik Building on Sumner street. There are lifts to every floor of the Blavatnik and Natalie Bell buildings. Alternatively you can take the stairs. Fully accessible toilets are located on every floor on the concourses A quiet room is available to use in the Natalie Bell Building on Level 4 Ear defenders can be borrowed from the Ticket desks To help plan your visit to Tate Modern, have a look at our visual story . It includes photographs and information about what you can expect from a visit to the gallery. Download Tate Modern map For more information before your visit: Email hello@tate.org.uk Call +44 (0)20 7887 8888 (daily 10.00–17.00) Check all Tate Modern accessibility information Tate Modern Bankside London SE1 9TG Plan your visit Dates 27 February – 31 August 2026 Members enjoy free entry – no need to book, just turn up with your card Relaxed Hours on the third Tuesday of the month at 10.00–11.00 Open until 21.00 every Friday and…