Ana Mendieta | Tate Modern Skip navigation Back to menu Main menu What&#x27;s On Visit Art Discover Art Artists Artworks Stories Stories Watch, listen and read Learn Schools Tate Kids Research Activities and workshops Tate Kids Games, quizzes and films for kids Shop Become a Member View All Exhibitions And Displays On Today Events Tate Modern Tate Britain Tate St Ives Tate Liverpool Tate Britain Free admission Tate Modern Free admission Tate Liverpool + RIBA North Free admission Tate St Ives Ticket or membership card required Families Accessibility Schools Private tours Discover Art Artists Artworks Stories Schools Tate Kids Research Activities and workshops What are you looking for? Try searching for... A Bigger Splash James McNeill Whistler Julio Le Parc Tate Britain Commission 2026 Tate Membership DON'T MISS Exhibition Frida: The Making of an Icon Tate Modern Until 3 Jan 2027 FREE FOR MEMBERS Exhibition Hurvin Anderson Tate Britain Until 23 Aug 2026 FREE FOR MEMBERS Become a Member Now booking Tate Modern Exhibition Ana Mendieta 15 July 2026 – 17 Jan 2027 Free for Members Book tickets Become a Member Ana Mendieta Imágen de Yágul 1973 ©The Estate of Ana Mendieta Collection, LLC. Licensed by Artist Rights Society (ARS), New York / DACS, 2026 / Courtesy Marian Goodman Gallery and Alison Jacques, London. Experience the powerful work of Ana Mendieta, whose legacy changed the course of contemporary art This major exhibition dedicated to Ana Mendieta presents many of her iconic works alongside newly remastered films, early paintings, and late sculptural pieces, many of which have never been seen in the UK before. The show will continue outside the gallery walls, embracing Mendieta’s deep relationship with the natural world. Mendieta is best known for her Silueta Series , exploring the presence and absence of the human body, using a number of natural materials including fire, water and flowers. These ephemeral works were recorded as photographs and films. Active in the 1970s and early 80s, the Cuban-born American artist posed profound questions throughout her work around displacement and identity, which remain highly relevant today. This exhibition, which is the first in-depth UK show of her work in over ten years, shines a light on Mendieta’s trailblazing practice, reinforcing her standing as one of the most important artists of the 20th century. Supported by the Ana Mendieta Exhibition Supporters Circle, Tate International Council, Tate Patrons, Tate Members and Tate Americas Foundation. Research supported by Hyundai Tate Research Centre: Transnational in partnership with Hyundai Motor. Organised by Tate Modern in collaboration with the Estate of Ana Mendieta. Smartphone audio guide Ana Mendieta Imágen de Yágul 1973 ©The Estate of Ana Mendieta Collection, LLC. Licensed by Artist Rights Society (ARS), New York / DACS, 2026 / Courtesy Marian Goodman Gallery Explore the stories behind the artworks and hear from experts about how the exhibition came together. After purchase, you’ll receive an exclusive link to your audio guide via email. Open the link at the exhibition entrance and listen using your own headphones or your smartphone speaker. No headphones or physical audio devices are provided at the gallery. Add the £5 guide when booking your ticket. Already a Member? Purchase your guide . Accessibility All Tate Modern entrances are step-free. You can enter via the Turbine Hall and into the Natalie Bell Building on Holland Street, or into the Blavatnik Building on Sumner street. There are lifts to every floor of the Blavatnik and Natalie Bell buildings. Alternatively you can take the stairs. Fully accessible toilets are located on every floor on the concourses. A quiet room is available to use in the Natalie Bell Building on Level 4. Ear defenders can be borrowed from the Ticket desks. To help plan your visit to Tate Modern, have a look at our visual story . It includes photographs and information about what you can expect from a visit to the gallery. Download Tate Modern map For more information before your visit: Email hello@tate.org.uk Call +44 (0)20 7887 8888 (daily 10.00–17.00) Check all Tate Modern accessibility information Tate Modern Bankside London SE1 9TG Plan your visit Dates 15 July 2026 – 17 Jan 2027 Members enjoy free entry – no need to book, just turn up with your card Relaxed Hours on the third Tuesday of the month at 10.00–11.00 Open until 21.00 every Friday and Saturday Pricing £18 / Free for Members £17 Concessions £5 for Tate Collective . 16–25? Sign up and log in to book How to book a school visit The ticket price for children aged 12–18 has been reduced until 1 September as part of the Great British Summer Savings Scheme. See the Booking and Ticketing FAQs page for more information Book tickets Become a Member Supported by The Ana Mendieta Exhibition Supporters Circle Alison Jacques, London The Firebird Collection Marian Goodman Gallery Tate International Council Tate Patrons Tate Members Tate Americas Foundation With additional support from Research supported by Hyundai Tate Research Centre: Transnational In partnership with Hyundai Motor We recommend Left Right Access Relaxed Hours: Ana Mendieta A quieter time to experience the powerful work of Ana Mendieta, whose legacy changed the course of contemporary art Tate Modern Third Tuesday of the month at 10.00–11.00 FREE FOR MEMBERS Tour PAST EVENT Ana Mendieta: Members Private View Curator's Tour Join Valentine Umanski, Curator of this powerful exhibition, on an exclusive Members tour before it opens to the public Tate Modern 14 Jul 2026 Private view Members Private View: Ana Mendieta Visit the exhibition during these exclusive times for Members Tate Modern 14 Jul 2026, 15 Jul 2026 FREE FOR MEMBERS Members Hours Members Hours: Ana Mendieta Visit the exhibition in the early hours, exclusive to Members Tate Modern 18 Jul 2026, 19 Jul 2026 FREE FOR MEMBERS Talk PAST EVENT Katy Hessel Talk: Iconic Female Artists Hear Katy Hess…